Before doing coding on Charlotte's Stetsons "The Yellow Wall-paper", I had absolutely no knowledge or expierence going into it. While I still may not know a lot, I definitley know a lot more than I did a few weeks ago. "The Yellow Wall-paper" is a short story refering back to the attitude towards mental and physical health of women in the 19th century. Portions of the story were split up among each student to code, and to do this we used a Text Encoding Iniative. Oxygen is a markup editor that we learned how to use in class and write our seperate codes for the story. 

First of all, reading this story is not easy. While most of it is obviously English and readable, it was written in a different time so interpreting some phrases and words were interesting. The part of the story that I was given to edit was part of the second page near the begining of the story. I think this made it easier for me because it was more of the introducing end of the story where the author was very descriptive and had minor errors. Although the conclusion of the story ends with the nararator breaking out of her chains, this portion of the story she has a more positive tone and seems content with at least a few things in her life. Em - dashes were apparent through the portion as I am sure they were for everyone else, as well as underlined words. These two things were the most common edits in my code of the story. 

I think annotating our portions of the story in Google Docs made things a heck of a lot easier before finally putting it into Oxygen. One strategy that I picked up a long the way was to put what code I was going to use in Oxygen in the comment next to what was being changed in the text. For example, when writing my code in Oxygen I could refer back to my google doc and copy and paste the code I was going to use to fix that part of the text. To begin this process, I went ahead and typed up my portion of the story in Oxygen, exactly as it appeared in the google doc. This allowed me to see where I needed to go back and add my code. Aftet that, it was smooth sailing. With the help of Professor Stover, each line of code was successfully inserted into its rightful place in the body text until I finally got the green box in the corner of the application. 

!(https://Benjamin-DH.github.io/Ben-Thompson-/images/Yellowwall.png)

Overall I had mixed feelings about this project. When the project was presented, it was extremely daunting and indimidating because I have never done code. I didnt think I would get through the project with completely correct code. But as I went through the project, things got a lot easier because I saw myself making progress. In the end, I got everything completed in a timely manner. While it may not have been fun, I can safely say that I am glad I had the expierence to do this because it was not only an interesting read but I now know more than I did yesterday. 
