## The Life of Ben Thompson

   Where do I begin when talking about me? My name is Benjamin Thompson, I am a junior at Christopher Newport University, a member of the Luter school of Business, and a marketing major and a digital humanities minor. I **LOVE** to write, but only when im interested or passionate about it. I am a huge lover of sports, especially soccer, football, and basketball. I am also a member of _Sigma Phi Epsilon_ since last spring semester, right before the global pandemic. 
   
   Ive come a long way to get into this class. Being a marketing major Ive taken interest in the **MANY** things that go into digital humanities. This includes the technologies, the application, the computing, and even the unclear definition of it. So last semester I chose digital humanities as my minor. This semester when choosing classes, I stumbled upon this class when looking for a writing intensive. So what could be better than knocking out a writing intensive and a minor in the same class? I also have aspirtations in becoming a better writer for my own good, becuase I dont believe I have ever gotten an A in an English class, hopefully that will change this year. 
   
   As for career interests, there are many goals on my horizon that may seem suprising to some people. My goal at Christopher Newport University is to recieve my business degree in four years and find a job related to my major. But the truth is, I dont like and dont have any interest in the major im doing, and yet to be seen for my minor. While many people have said to do what you love, I want a job that is going to make me money so I can be successful, have a family, and make my parents proud. So here I am, with every choice I have made in college that has led me to writing this blog. I guess my dream really is to have money and have a normal lazy office job which is sick and may be the wrong decision but its all I have got for right now.
   
  One thing I do know for sure though is my love for the school I am attending. I am happily involved with greek life, sports/inturmurals, other clubs and organizations with lots of friends to show for it. Volunteering at riverside elementary is one of my favorite things because it has nothing to do with my acadmeics or dreams but it makes me feel happy and important to help children with my friends. As for academic achievments Ive gladly been satisfactory with getting Bs in most of my classes and maintaining a good grade point average for the Luter school of business. It wasnt always that way though. My freshman year first semester I was not ready for college, I partied and spent all my time with my friends and barley studied, in result of that I recieved a 2.0 grade point average. My parents threatened to take me out of college and was going to make me pay for it by wasting there time. Long story short, it was a huge wakeup call for me. From than on each semester my grades got better and better, eventually crawling out of the **HUGE** hole I had put myself in and getting into the business school with almost a 3.4 new grade point average. But it makes a pretty good story, **especially** for an about me blog for a writing class.
  
![alt text] https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Benjamin-DH/Ben-Thompson-/main/images/riverside.jpeg
